Said he didn't steal it
Stop everything
Lin Xiaoxiao
You bully Mu Xixi again and again
Really treat others as fools
Brother Yunzhou, I am also doing it for your own good.
How can you say that to me?
You tricked Mu Xixi into coming to the party in my name
You can call that kindness.
Mom, you can't lie to him anymore.
What the hell is going on?
Brother Yunzhou, how can you lie to outsiders?
You are not a novel
Did you give him this bracelet?
Brother Ming Zhou, no matter what you answer
Godmothers will hate Mo Confidence
This is my bracelet.
Mrs. Su
My mom and I have always been innocent
Won't know anything
The evidence is already in front of you
You still want to lie
There are only two bracelets in the world
One is on Yunzhou
The other one disappeared 13 years ago
You didn't steal it.
And how could it be in your hands?
Mom
Shin Shin has this one I gave him 13 years ago
You really did it wrong this time.